README.md, before:

# DeepLabCut-core <img src="https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/57f6d51c9f74566f55ecf271/1572296495650-Y4ZTJ2XP2Z9XF1AD74VW/ke17ZwdGBToddI8pDm48kMulEJPOrz9Y8HeI7oJuXxR7gQa3H78H3Y0txjaiv_0fDoOvxcdMmMKkDsyUqMSsMWxHk725yiiHCCLfrh8O1z5QPOohDIaIeljMHgDF5CVlOqpeNLcJ80NK65_fV7S1UZiU3J6AN9rgO1lHw9nGbkYQrCLTag1XBHRgOrY8YAdXW07ycm2Trb21kYhaLJjddA/DLC_logo_blk-01.png?format=1000w" width="350" title="DLC-core" alt="DLC CORE!" align="right" vspace = "50">

Core functionalities of DeepLabCut, excluding all GUI functions.

**Currently up to date with [DeepLabCut v2.1.8.1](https://github.com/AlexEMG/DeepLabCut/tree/v2.1.8.1).**

![Python package](https://github.com/DeepLabCut/DeepLabCut-core/workflows/Python%20package/badge.svg?branch=master)
![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/deeplabcutcore)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/deeplabcutcore.svg)](https://github.com/DeepLabCut/deeplabcutcore/raw/master/LICENSE)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/deeplabcutcore.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/deeplabcutcore)
[![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/deeplabcutcore.svg?color=purple&label=PyPi)](https://pypistats.org/packages/deeplabcutcore)



Install from GitHub:
``` pip git+https://github.com/DeepLabCut/DeepLabCut-core ```

PyPi:
```pip install deeplabcutcore```

Documentation is located at [DeepLabCut's main GitHub page](https://github.com/AlexEMG/DeepLabCut/blob/master/docs/UseOverviewGuide.md).

Commit message:

migration to TF 2.2+ (#9)
* starting TF2 migration

* adding TF

* more tf2 mig stuff

* Quick fixes for tf2.2 (#8)

authored-by: Andre Telfer <telfer006@gmail.com>

* adding test data folder, upadted script

* TF2.2 updates for time lapse, new testscript slim

* Update config.yml

* cli test updated

* better testscript

* faster testescript for cli

* even shorter...

* Update README.md

* Update requirements.txt

* Update requirements.txt

* update export_model, tf_slim import (#10)

* Update requirements.txt

* Update pythonpackage.yml

* Update requirements.txt

* Update requirements.txt

* testing deps

* Update requirements.txt

* Update pythonpackage.yml

* testing python3.8 things

* teting docker

* Update config.yml

* Update config.yml

* Update requirements.txt

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Created using Colaboratory (#11)

* Update pythonpackage.yml

* Update requirements.txt

* Update requirements.txt

* Update pythonpackage.yml

* version 2 or 1 comp testing

* tf 1 or 2

* tf 1 or 2

* tf 1 or 2

* tf 1 or 2

* tf 2

* tf 2

* tf2

* Update predict.py

* up to master of dlc

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Update testscript_cli.py

* Update testscript_cli.py

* roll back

* Update pose_net.py

* Update pose_net.py

* Update pose_net.py

* Update pythonpackage.yml

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Gary Kane <gkane@rowland.harvard.edu>

README.md, after:

# DeepLabCut-core <img src="https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/57f6d51c9f74566f55ecf271/1572296495650-Y4ZTJ2XP2Z9XF1AD74VW/ke17ZwdGBToddI8pDm48kMulEJPOrz9Y8HeI7oJuXxR7gQa3H78H3Y0txjaiv_0fDoOvxcdMmMKkDsyUqMSsMWxHk725yiiHCCLfrh8O1z5QPOohDIaIeljMHgDF5CVlOqpeNLcJ80NK65_fV7S1UZiU3J6AN9rgO1lHw9nGbkYQrCLTag1XBHRgOrY8YAdXW07ycm2Trb21kYhaLJjddA/DLC_logo_blk-01.png?format=1000w" width="350" title="DLC-core" alt="DLC CORE!" align="right" vspace = "50">

Core functionalities of DeepLabCut, excluding all GUI functions.

**Currently up to date with [DeepLabCut v2.1.8.1](https://github.com/AlexEMG/DeepLabCut/tree/v2.1.8.1). AND uses tensorflow 2.X**

Please be aware, you can create projects, etc. with the full deeplabcut package. Here, you will need to create the training set and train, evaluate, etc. not inter-mixing with using the deeplabcut package (it currently supports tensorflow 1.x). We recommend looking at this [google colab notebook](/Colab_TrainNetwork_VideoAnalysis_TF2.ipynb) to help you, and [this blog post](http://www.mousemotorlab.org/deeplabcutblog/2020/11/23/rolling-up-to-tensorflow-2) about our transitition to tensorflow 2.

![Python package](https://github.com/DeepLabCut/DeepLabCut-core/workflows/Python%20package/badge.svg?branch=master)
![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/deeplabcutcore)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/deeplabcutcore.svg)](https://github.com/DeepLabCut/deeplabcutcore/raw/master/LICENSE)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/deeplabcutcore.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/deeplabcutcore)
[![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/deeplabcutcore.svg?color=purple&label=PyPi)](https://pypistats.org/packages/deeplabcutcore)


Install from GitHub:
``` pip git+https://github.com/DeepLabCut/DeepLabCut-core ```

PyPi:
```pip install deeplabcutcore```

Documentation is located at [DeepLabCut's main GitHub page](https://github.com/AlexEMG/DeepLabCut/blob/master/docs/UseOverviewGuide.md).
